capital = 289

oob = "SIA_1936"
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
		set_naval_oob = "SIA_1936_naval_mtg"
	else = {
		set_naval_oob = "SIA_1936_naval_legacy"
	}
}

if = {
    limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
        set_air_oob = "SIA_1936_air_legacy" #set_air_oob = "SIA_1936_air_bba"
    else = {
        set_air_oob = "SIA_1936_air_legacy"
    }
}

recruit_character = SIA_phraya_phahon
recruit_character = SIA_nangklao_chichalerm
recruit_character = SIA_chao_phonphayuhasena
recruit_character = SIA_nangklao_suriyawongse
recruit_character = SIA_tianliang_huntrakool
recruit_character = SIA_phra_silpasakrakorn
recruit_character = SIA_luang_sinthusongkhramchai
recruit_character = SIA_thawon_thamrongnawasawat
recruit_character = SIA_phraya_preechacholayudha
recruit_character = SIA_pridi_phanomyong
recruit_character = SIA_sindhu_kamalanavin
recruit_character = SIA_phraya_chitnasongkhla
recruit_character = SIA_phraya_thayarnpikart
recruit_character = SIA_phra_vechayanrangsarit
recruit_character = SIA_manphya_khanphialong
recruit_character = SIA_luang_phibunsongkhram
recruit_character = SIA_phraya_wichcitcholathai
recruit_character = SIA_sawat_phutianands
recruit_character = SIA_phraya_chalermarkiart
recruit_character = SIA_kuang_abhayavongsa
recruit_character = SIA_thawee_punyaketu
recruit_character = SIA_phot_bhahalyodin

activate_mission = economy_fatigue_civilian_economy_mission
activate_mission = economy_fatigue_export_focus_mission
activate_mission = economy_fatigue_volunteer_only_mission

add_ideas = {
	economy_fatigue_0
	League_of_nations
	agrarian_economy
	agrarian_society
}

set_country_flag = League_of_nations_member_flag

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	#direct_fire = 1
	standard_industry = 1
	infantry_weapons = 1
	artillery_1 = 1
	# = 1
	early_fighter = 1
	# = 1
	basic_train = 1
}

starting_train_buffer = 1

if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
	set_technology = {
		early_submarine = 1
		early_destroyer = 1
		early_light_cruiser = 1
		early_heavy_cruiser = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	set_technology = {
		basic_naval_mines = 1
		generic_destroyer_1 = 1
		# = 1
		# = 1
		generic_coastal_battleship_1 = 1
	}
}

set_convoys = 10

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	fascism = 20
	neutrality = 80
}